# Discussion SATIM3 , January, 17th, 2019

Presentation by Jean-Marc : [pdf](https://ige-meom-opendap.univ-grenoble-alpes.fr/thredds/fileServer/meomopendap/extract/SATIM_DISC/SATIM3_sharing_soft_JMM_17-01-2019.pdf)

# Minute of the meeting.
 * An inventory of the sharable tools within MEOM has been presented, in agreement with answers to an internal MEOM poll.
  - each main contributor to the developpent of those tools gave a short description of their 'product'.

 * Then a time was reserved for anybody to express its needs in term of software. No clear needs were expressed so far, except Stephanie with regard to PowerSpec.

 * Then the discussion came to the question of how to share software development.
  - take home messages were :
    * do not let bugs impeed new development !
    * Design a clear API before starting dev
    * use versioning system for tracability
    * use coding rules (and try to homogeneize in the group).

